## Preamble :
Going to work on getting to Slovakia, Why am I now attempting to learn a second(third? fourth?) language? To escape rent seeking parasite infested ponzi scheme post national economic zone failed state of canada(where dreams go to die), and actually to not pay half my income in taxes, and half of what remains in rent, and then inflation. My goals haven't changed in literally over a decade, what I saw then has not only not improved, it's gotten multitudes worse. If you protest working/living conditions, they just tax you infinite amounts, import infinite indians, and then subsidize their wages with the taxes they stole, while propping up the jboomers, the same people who sold you down the river 40+ years ago, get to live comfortably for their betrayal as the fire rages behind them, watch it burn from a safe distance. Everyone is playing musical chairs here, but there are no chairs, and the music stopped a while ago. I can get citizenship by descent in Slovakia, so that is the goal. I can't wait till living in canada will be nothing more than a bad memory, bad dream in the rear view mirror, and I never have to look at, listen to, or speak with another brainwashed mind broken canadian for as long as I live. The Dream. The canadian dream = Step 1) Escape. 
## Alphabet and Pronunciation :
### 1: Slovak Alphabet-2024-11-15
[Lesson 1 From A0](https://github.com/evilusean/Pysean/blob/main/Sean/Slovak/Slovake.eu/A0/A0-CourseNotes)Has all the alphabet stuff, right at the top, not writing it all down again
### 2: Letters and Sounds-2024-11-15
Some Slovak letters have so-called diacritical marks. These are special signs that are written above the letters and change their pronunciation.